Hello dear friends, Vlog Aji
To another new video
We warmly welcome everyone.
Today's rating is ICICI
Lombard's latest
The so-called Elevate that has arrived
The word "elevate" is a plan.
You know the meaning, next time
It will be raised to the level
We are in the elevator.
As the customer says
Take the experience to the next level
As a policy that is carried
This policy is available in ICICI.
Introducing ICI Group
You know about ICICI Bank
From ICICI Prudential ICI Lombard
ICICI Finance is active in many sectors like this
India's number one in the finance sector
A company that currently exists
The company is currently called ICI Lombard.
General Insurance Company Health
Too much focus on insurance
Because in the coming years
Unprecedented in the health insurance sector
A growth in the economic sector
Everyone is expecting
That's why there are so many
Companies have many policies.
To the health insurance sector
It is coming accordingly.
The agency in the country is the same as the health
Insurance salespeople are also coming in now.
From the post office to all places
We have health insurance available.
It has reached a state of
This is the person who is going to take out a policy.
Reasons to pay special attention
So many policies, people in many places.
From you to us.
Which of these is being brought?
Which policy will benefit us?
Who is the agent or which intermediary?
It is what is useful to us.
To evaluate is to evaluate the customer.
The most difficult for
It's becoming a task.
I am in that kind of situation.
Coming up with videos is new.
Each of the companies that come
We also evaluate policies and
Is it useful and what are the benefits?
We evaluate what is there and
Doing the same thing here.
The policy company called Elevate
As they say, to the next level
Customer experience
We are concerned about whether we are raising
This video is rated by you.
Hope it is useful.
Our channel name is Vlog [ __ ] Ente.
My name is Aji. I am a full-time health worker.
Why is insurance professional?
If you say professional,
I am not just a company policy.
We consider all
After considering the policies of the companies
After analyzing the customer's needs
I suggested each policy.
So you have a
You want to choose a better policy.
If you want, contact me directly.
Contact me.
The number to be done is given here.
So let's go to the video today.
What we are discussing is Elevate.
What is the ICC Embattled Policy?
They are the main ones in this policy.
A little more than what is put forward
There are special features, what are those special features?
After looking at this policy,
What are the benefits?
What are the disadvantages of this policy?
It is very deep for us.
Let's evaluate the next few minutes.
You can also learn more about this policy from Health
You are also interested in insurance.
Seriously, take it seriously.
If you are a thinking person
So these are the minutes that are useful.
Listen carefully, Infinite.
We often have coverage that is
When we take out policies,
An important topic to think about
There is something called an insured limit.
There is always a limit, we are there.
After going to make a claim,
What are we doing until we get to the bottom?
No matter what you do, the sum insured
This percentage is a condition.
We see it in all policies.
But in this policy we have unlimited
The sum insured company provides unlimited
The sum insured company is offering
Similarly, now unlimited sum is included.
A big one for a person who doesn't choose.
A claim is coming, the person is a 10.
Lakh or 20 lakh
A sum insured has been chosen.
Or a sum of five lakhs
Inshut is selected.
But something happens to him 17
Lakh or 20 Lakh or 25
If a claim of one lakh comes
He has this claim once in the policy.
The company will pay him.
He will not be considered insured.
No other sublimits will be considered.
This is called infinite care.
There is an option inside it, choose it.
One time during the policy period for those who do
Infinite Care has become infinite.
They are getting a coverage.
Infinite Sum Insured is optional within this.
You can also get Infinite Care.
It is also an optional benefit.
It should be understood that
Infinite Reset of Sum Insured
Our sum insured as many times as you want
Repeatedly, we claim
Same illness can do it too
You can claim but not for the same illness.
Claim once when claiming
After 45 days have passed
Only for the same person for the same illness
Can I make a second claim?
There is only one condition:
Same person has a different illness
If it comes or in that family
Someone else has an illness.
If you come, how many times can you do this?
Use the same thing over and over again.
Let's do it now for example ₹10 lakh
For the person who has taken out a sum insured
A claim of Rs. 10 lakhs and a claim of Rs.
Come and give ₹10 to the next person in that family.
Yes, you can claim the lakh rupees again.
For another illness in the person themselves
How to claim again
Repeated claim
There is an opportunity in this policy to do so.
Similarly, another important infinite
This is called Infinite Benefits.
They are talking about this one pattern.
Infinite
Guaranteed bonus or
This policy offers cumulative bonus.
Another benefit of doing so is
Let's say we each have 20% of this.
Guaranteed bonus says no
The company says it's not a claim bonus, instead
This is what the guaranteed bonus is saying.
Guaranteed bonus of 20% each year
Add to our list
If you say it will happen
By the fifth year, we will have
Claim up to twice the sum insured
This claim can be done.
Whether we have it or not, we can
Guaranteed Ad
It is an ongoing benefit.
In addition to this, there is an optional benefit
The company is offering infinite bonuses.
Every year, our company grows by 100%.
Will be added to the inbox.
So now we have 10 lakhs.
Someone who is taken
For the tenth year
By the time the man's summons reaches one crore,
Two crores will change in the twentieth year
It will become thirty years three.
Where is this going to turn into crores?
After asking if it would be useful
Medical costs are increasing every year.
So when we're about 10 years old
Today's treatment for 10 lakhs
Maybe it will be one crore rupees that day.
Robotic surgeries and modern
Treatment and many other things
Coming to this area
So, accordingly, the cost of treatment
There will be an increase. Choose this one option.
For someone who has done
At any time, at any time, at any time
Maximum coverage for treatment
He has a claim in the way he gets it.
He can do it in a small way.
Even if Samishi starts, he can
The policy will be ported or
Transfer to another company or other
Another one in the same company
Should I change it to a policy?
Now we are here.
I saw it on Star Health.
In the past, family health clinics
A policy of Rs 3 lakhs
For those who have taken them now,
Or to Star Health's own Usher?
Or to other companies
A situation that is ported
I saw it there to port.
When I couldn't go anymore, a few more people joined.
Had a critical illness
Came or became a major
Claims made or a
Amounts of more than one lakh rupees
Those who claimed should be ordered to leave.
Or switch to Assure or nothing.
They didn't allow the companies to
You can find it for three lakhs.
This policy had to be done.
For someone who takes this
Add Infinite Bonus
If you do it, it will be natural.
Does he have this kind of migration?
No need for porting, same.
The sum insured in the policy itself has increased.
So he has to do this.
Even in the future, in the policy, even a
Critical Illness Major Claims
Even if he comes, he will have no future.
This will provide essential good coverage.
What I mean is that it is important
Not senior citizens, but young people.
People also choose this when they take out a policy.
It would be better to do it.
Another special feature of this policy is that the company
Putting it forward is AI-enabled.
From the premium calculator that has been
AI-enabled claims process
This policy is said to be up to
AI support for those taking it
The extended service will be available all ready.
ICC Embat on their mobile app
AI has enabled us to
After using the mobile application
If we scan our faces, we can
What diseases do we have?
How much is BP or our heart?
How many beats are there?
There is a system for knowing this.
Also with AI support
Process Entire Process Premium
Calculator is now being provided
Let's calculate the premium.
When we do our details
AI support while giving
Let's come up with a couple of suggestions.
What benefits will this give you?
In this condition of yours at an age
If you take it, you can
Suggestions that may be useful
Premium Calculator to Company
It also provides the most advanced
By using technologies
Our health insurance sector is in a new
To take it to the next level
That one of the company's trying
Indicates interest.
There will be many such changes in the future.
Coming to this area
A little more customized
How can we get health insurance?
A usable one
This is what is going to happen.
I think that's also a
We first need to do something positive.
About the four infinite coverages
They were talking about Infinite Care.
Let's say one thing, Infinite.
Amount we can claim in a single claim
It is possible to choose
The second is Infinite Sum Insured.
How much was insured for us?
Whatever you want, it's infinite.
Unlimited sum included, let's choose
Two crores, three crores, 6
Unlimited sum insured, not crores
An option for us to choose from.
Let's say the third one
Infinite is unlimited.
The bonus option was
Fourth, we said
Unlimited Time Restoration Infinite
Time-reset sub-insured
Was what we currently have taken
The sum contained itself is an unlimited time reset.
It's going to be another fifth one.
Infinite Coverage Company Offers
If you say it is Infinite Assurance
We currently have some illness.
Even if there is, the 31st day of that illness
From day to day, infinite
Coverages All of these coverages are
The entire amount can be used.
In the manner
After the first 30 days
Even for the diseases we have now
This policy also provides coverage.
This is all optional, which is a special feature.
These optional benefits are benefits.
To choose what we need
This policy provides an opportunity, that is,
Another feature of the policy is that
In other words, it's inbuilt.
Things are basic inside.
We are giving it to you now at the hotel.
If we choose to go to the buffet,
How basic is the buffet?
There will be a few dishes and then some more.
We will take optional dishes.
Let's base this basic dish and
You can then choose the optional
Only for those who need maternity coverage
Just choose the maternity one.
No more for those who need acute care
This is not acute care.
The benefits we mentioned are these five.
What are the infinite benefits?
People just choose what they want.
Just do it, it's the same as non-medical.
Items are optional for us.
You can choose from about two dozen optional
Benefits are included in this policy.
That is also a feature of this policy.
So, the policy is available at a lower premium.
Basic coverage for those who want to take it
At a low premium by taking only
The plan called "Elevate"
Can I take a little more?
I want benefits.
If you are interested,
Only the necessary additional premium is required.
Close and choose that one benefit.
First of all, let's do it.
What are the basic things in this?
The company provides coverages.
Let's see what it is, then let's do the basics.
About plans in every policy
Whoever is going to say this
They will receive benefits.
The first is inpatient care.
Everyone knows about care in the hospital.
Treatment that comes with admission
All expenses will be covered within that.
Day care comes second.
All policies are treatments.
It is currently listed like this
Not all day care is covered.
This policy is also being implemented in the same way.
Daycares cover everything.
The third one is called Donor.
Expense is the donor's expense.
When it comes to organ donor expenses,
Not all expenses are borne by the donor.
Carry that specific organ.
For surgery to donate
It also comes with aftercare.
The company only cares about what the costs are.
Bear that and claim up to the sum insured.
Can be done then pre-hospital
Hospitalization Post-hospitalization
Within that, a small number of these policies
There is a difference.
60 of the policies in the market
Pre-hospitalization is days.
Paying or up to two months
Get the maximum but 90% of this policy
Days Pre-Hospitalization
It is a part of this policy.
Plus point is the same post.
Hospitalization 180 days six
They are giving even monthly.
What is the benefit of that?
If you ask, we will consult in the OP now.
The doctor admitted after doing
For a surgery that is called Awana
No matter what, I'll get admitted.
So before that, we
Sometimes a few CT scans
An MRI scan may have been taken.
You must have done some tests.
I must have done it two or three times.
You must have seen the doctor many times.
They must have taken all these medicines.
A good amount from our hands
It must have been expensive after all this.
We came and got admitted, so this amount
We have three days to reimburse.
Up to the expenses from the previous month
We can refund.
It will be the same after discharge.
Sometimes physiotherapy is said if not
Continuous dressing
It will be necessary continuously.
You may need to come for checkups.
Some medicines for a while
We could have eaten all of this.
Sometimes admitted and conducted
Sometimes about half the cost of the surgery
What will this amount cost us here?
Can I do it for reimbursement?
Yes, but specifically.
A matter to be noted now
We are 180 days into this post.
Hospitalization comes at 180.
As soon as the days are over, we reach the maximum.
For that claim
For reimbursement
Give the documents to the company now.
Another thing about ICIC
ICC is not special anymore, it is different now
Many companies have become major
All companies, some few companies
Everyone else is now soft except
Only the copy is for the claim.
Asking for hard copies of it
All original bills are customer
If it were left in the customer's hands
Just take a photo of everything.
Upload via customer app
Or send it to an agent
All you have to do is have the original in your hand.
Keep it up, for any occasion.
Company verification required
If you say so, sometimes your
When I got home, I found those documents.
If there is no possibility to verify
Called the branch and got it.
To verify documents
It is possible that therefore
Keep all documents.
Then clear it properly.
Take a photo of the company.
Just give it to ICICI Embard
If your claim comes in,
This policy is also about doing it right.
A special feature of the company is also a
Another special feature is the benefit.
Domiciliary hospitalization is coming next.
To be the most numerous in the period
It is also a potential area
Admitted to the hospital
Instead of seeking treatment, the doctor
The nurse also came to our house.
To the point of being treated
Things are growing and now everything is ready.
Home care has grown to be very active.
This home care is ongoing.
What is domiciliary hospitalization?
It says that the entire sum insured in this policy
This is what it means to be able to use
A special feature of the policy is the market.
Available from major companies
Even in policies, there is a 10% limit.
Condition has been set at 10% of the sum contained.
Domiciliary hospitalization is provided.
But we have some things to include in this policy.
Even though it's all for that purpose, use it.
This is what can be done.
A plus point of the policy is
It is positive and another special thing.
Ayush, who is an inpatient
Ayurveda is the coverage of treatments.
Homeopathy Siddha Unani
Non-allopathic medicine that has been started
At the hospital for treatments
Admitted inpatient treatments
If so, then it's all in here.
We can claim.
Only treatments are covered by the cancer clinic.
This includes treatments such as
Also understand that it will not be covered.
Similarly, a basic coverage
Road ambulance coverage is important.
The policy is unique in this policy.
What to say about this basic coverage: Sum Insured
Road ambulance despite full payment
We can use it for our own needs.
In many other existing policies
If you look at ₹1500 ₹2000 or
This limit is up to a maximum of ₹10,000.
The road is reserved for ambulances, but this
Our sum insured in the policy
We have a road ambulance until
Can we use something now?
In a remote location in emergency conditions
Let's go to another far away place.
A good amount of money is essential if you have to go.
There is a cost for a road ambulance.
In such a situation
Even if we have this policy
To claim that entire amount
That can also be a positive aspect of this policy.
This is another basic cover we have already
It was said to be an infinite reset.
There is a benefit in this policy that says
That's called the infinite reset.
It says that it is built-in
If we say it is a benefit,
Sum insured 100% each unlimited time
It will keep resetting.
But it says there is a condition.
Same disease after 45 days
The same person can claim.
There is a condition in this policy that
If we want to be negative, we
Other competitive products
When comparing policies
If it's negative,
It is a matter we can count on.
Meanwhile, the guaranteed cumulative bonus
A feature that many other policies do not have
We also say that it is a benefit.
Understand this guarantee.
When we say cumulative bonus
We will cover all the remaining policies.
It is common to see no claim bonuses.
But even though there is a claim here,
Even if it's not there, this one is inbuilt.
Benefit us
You will continue to get 20% each.
The year will continue to add up.
So up to our sum included.
If we say up to 100%, it will take five years.
Our sum assured will double.
We didn't add anything else.
If you didn't choose anything else
Even with inbuilt 10 lakhs
For someone who takes
In the fifth year, it became 20 lakhs.
The person will change in the meantime, he claims.
Whether or not it has been done, other
If we claim on multiple policies
Our sum will return to zero.
Or balance carry forward
Only in the year of claim
Conditions like these are not available.
There are such conditions in this policy.
No, so for a low premium
Add only basic coverage if needed.
It is also necessary for the person who does it.
When comparing multiple other policies
This is a better choice.
What is called policy is another thing, surrogacy.
Pregnancy oocyte donor like this
The costs are very rare.
Even if it's a matter of happening
That too is included in its basic coverage.
Included surrogacy
Let's talk a little about pregnancy.
Now, a few celebrities recently
Many people did that.
You know what it is, Oside Donor.
We also know that IVF is
As part of the treatment
This is what we call an oxidized donor.
Such expenses also occur.
This site is covered inside.
Donor surrogacy is a
Amount limit has been set.
Let's use the whole message.
Can't do it, maximum five lax
Until such things
Let's claim it.
To be able to do it, you have to say it next.
The benefit that goes into the present tense
A useful one for many people
Junk food is especially beneficial.
Eating everything and gaining weight
Obesity and many other health problems have come and gone.
There are many people facing issues.
We see people now.
This is for people like that.
Obesity is a useful thing.
Bariatric surgery for those with
The entire shade is ready to be done.
You can do whatever you want by using
Now inside it is postmodern.
Some things
Even if you need treatments
Including obesity control
Bariatric surgery performed to
Use this entire amount for surgery.
The company is doing it by doing it.
It allows and some inbuilt
One of the other benefits is
Wellness program Wellness program
That said, we can get up to 30% renewal.
You can now get a discount on premium.
Newly arrived major
This one wellness in all policies
We come to the program daily.
Cardio exercises performed
If we are doing it, then
We have apps like Google Fit.
Activity tracking
Synchronize with the application
Use is done.
If so, what is the basis of those activities?
We'll give you a discount after doing so.
We get that discount.
For use in renewal premium
This will be 30% of this policy.
In such a case, we can choose a discount.
We can do it.
There is also an opportunity in this policy.
Another special feature is that we are renewal.
How to get a discount when you do this?
After asking, our renewal
Let's say it's July.
If it is renewed in June, two and a half
The company will give us a percentage discount.
So, one month ago, we
If we renew, we will get two and a half percent.
You'll get a discount if you do this.
Premiums are going up.
Or premium when there is an age change
The tension of going further
This is something that is useful for everyone.
We have reduced the premium.
We are in the first year of school to stop.
We now have the same premium as we paid.
No need to pay for renewal
There is also a positive side to this.
It is in the policy and it is basic.
Only those who take out the policy receive
An optional benefit is a benefit.
No, it's an inbuilt benefit.
The same goes for the wellness program.
It is a built-in benefit.
For those who are still hesitant to walk
If there is a financial benefit
Let's understand and move on.
Not only our health, but also our
Protect health insurance
The fact that it will be done is also a positive thing.
Another feature of the policy is the inbuilt
Another unique feature is the modern
No subsidy for treatment
There is no limit to a modern
There is no sub-limit for treatment.
The majority of what we see in the market
Policies and a current
What is the biggest problem?
Many things are modern.
Treatments and Robotics
Sub-limit condition for all surgeries
Sum insured is included in this policy.
We can use the entire amount up to
Claim by doing
Modern can do it.
Treatments are also robotic.
So this includes everything, including surgeries.
Let's believe in the future.
What changes have come now?
Even after, as I said before
Infinite sum insured or
Infinite Care or Infinite
Cumulative bonus or something like that?
Those who do can also believe this.
This is another proof that
What kind of things will happen in the future?
Even with the advent of modern treatments
That's the entire amount we owe.
To claim by using
It's built-in to be able to
It is also a benefit.
Apart from all this, it is positive.
Lots and lots of discounts
Benefits for someone who takes this policy
ICCI says IL Take Care
Download Lombard's mobile application
Doing is also giving way.
This is all basic for everyone.
These are the benefits you get, in addition to this.
Didn't I say it's a bit more optional?
This policy also has benefits.
What are those optional benefits?
Let's see what else
When it comes to optional cover, it means personalized.
That is, it is a cover that has been
To each his own.
Just choose what you don't want.
Leave this as is.
We only pay for what we do.
Give this is one of these add-ons
What is meant by benefit?
What happens as the ounces increase?
We can reduce and increase premiums.
We have it according to our needs.
This add-on can be used to manage
We want them in the future.
Can be added in the future.
You can also avoid it if you want.
The first add-on is called
Our Infinite Care I First
It was said that a policy
A major once in a lifetime for the holder.
Once a claim has been made,
No matter how much it is, the company will pay it.
The sum insured will be settled upwards.
No matter how much an amount has been received, it
What was the second one that will be settled?
Unlimited Sum Insured Now Unlimited
What will happen to the person who chooses?
There is no limit to what you can include, as much as you want.
You can keep claiming it.
No matter how much you come, you will get it.
Now plan to take this policy.
If you are someone who does
The premium for the intended sum insured
Take it and then the sum of unlimited
Get insured for this unlimited amount.
The insured is the amount you have chosen.
When comparing with Inshud, small
There is only a difference in premium.
If so, choose unlimited.
Do that, that would be the best.
This is another useful power booster.
What is this power booster called?
Didn't we say that earlier? Time.
Our bonus is cumulative.
Didn't you say it would happen?
That's what power booster is called.
100% of our sum insured each
Add with our sum insured for the year
It's happening, really.
We said it first.
A built-in guarantee
There is a cumulative bonus of 20% each.
So that's it, plus this amount.
120% each year when added
We will get a bonus for the first five years.
That will make it 20% complete.
Then from there
Only as it decreases
It's possible to restore but this
Cumulatively
The tenth year will keep going.
What will we get by then?
I'll get a crore, now I have this too
When you add 20% each
What benefits will we get?
Before the tenth year is over
When he was in his ninth year,
What can we do with a crore?
Our sum will reach Rs.
Then it's cumulative like that.
It keeps going.
Infinite time is unlimited.
It's getting bigger like this then.
Someone chose Unlimited Sum Insured
For the person, this is a choice.
No need to do unlimited sum
What is in store for the person who chose Inshud?
Infinite Care will not come, so don't choose it.
No need, okay, that's why I said that.
Now when you choose premium
One person will get 50 out of 20 lakhs.
One doubt in a million, Choos.
When you do that, you put infinite sums into it.
Calculate premium with insurance
Try it out, unlimited sum of money.
Calculate again.
That's when it's over, when you take it like that
You have the following options left:
Infinite Careo, where you don't have to choose anything
Or you can get a booster or something.
You won't need to add it anymore.
Another is the domestic care ambulance.
Another thing is that we have many products in the market.
If you are also looking at policies
Domestic Air Ambulance Compulsory
You can see it coming in.
Okay, so anyway, one of those
Premium is also included as an additional.
It seems that this policy requires it.
If only those who want it choose it
Those who don't like it, just skip it.
Let's take a policy and get started.
We said infinite first.
Five of the benefits are mentioned below.
It was said to be a jump start.
First, if you say it's an option,
We can do it within 30 days.
Coverage for existing illnesses
It is a system that can be obtained
So that's a bit conditional.
What are the conditions?
You have an existing pre
Existing disease inside this so
Is it possible to add it?
If you want to know, I have given it here.
Direct on my number
If you are calling, we will do it.
Provide relevant details.
Will do the same as the new one
You plan to take out a policy.
Contact me even if you are doing it.
I am here to do what I have to do.
I am referring to my
The number is also given here. Another
Dependent accommodation is a benefit.
Benefit Dependent Accommodation
Sometimes it is said that benefit
People suddenly
We may have understood sometimes.
A hospitalized person
This will be the person standing with you.
The person may not always get a room.
Because if we are in the ICU,
Take a separate room outside.
Staying or staying in the hospital
Should we get a room and stay?
We will have to do most of this.
In medical insurance policies
This will not cover anything like that.
We can add it if we want.
Let's put 1000 rupees per day.
We have someone like this.
If you stay outside, it will cost you.
For the rent of its room
We can get that too, which is optional in this policy.
So we can add
Can another optional coverage
It says Claim Protector.
What is meant by protector?
To cover medical expenses
All that is needed is an option.
Health insurance policies and medical
Only expenses are covered.
If you want to cover medical expenses
Either it's built-in
Additional premium will come or we
It should be added as optional.
Will be optional in most future policies
This is given to add
We have the same optionality in the policy.
Now you can choose it, it's big.
A treatment that doesn't require any surgeries
If there is any treatment...
It will be up to 5% now ₹1 lakh
When a claim comes in, a ₹5000
We have to walk until we reach
Meanwhile, a major surgery is coming up now.
Things like heart surgery
If so, it's a very good one.
We will have to pay the amount.
Now when a claim of Rs. 15 lakh comes
Even sometimes up to ₹30000
We have non-medical expenses.
This non-medical expense will come
What is included?
The first item after asking
Consumables Consumables
When we say, we usually mean
Coming soon mask head cap
All the same things.
All things come into it as it is.
Disposables now include syringes
Things are disposable.
Included are a few things:
There are items, a list of those items.
I am here for those who want to
If you contact me at the number, I will
I also have a list of non-medical items.
Can you provide it then?
We choose Claim Protector
If you are doing this, this kind of
We have everything in this.
To be claimed in the group
Among them, you will find its
Let's see what the benefits are.
Without putting a single rupee in your pocket
Go to the hospital and get treatment.
Cashless payment is available there.
Let's settle down and be discharged.
I have many customers.
Call me often.
It is a positive thing to say.
This type of non-medical
Expenses covered here
They all called everyone who has done it.
They say I don't even have a single rupee there.
Didn't have to pay the full amount of the claim
It's set, just like this.
I got a job in the first year without choosing.
A friend took out a policy himself.
He had a claim in the first year.
And then why this one?
When I asked if the change had arrived, I
I said this is a matter for you.
When did you take out the policy recently?
Didn't you say you were going to add it?
It is done to reduce premiums.
He gave up when he renewed.
It was added and subtracted.
Insure chose a higher sum insure
He did it because he had to once.
It's my first time going to the hospital.
He takes out a policy and claims it.
He understood when he did.
How much is this health insurance?
It is useful for us to say
I was convinced that later
He had taken five out of suspicion.
The number changes to ten and its
Non-medical expense cover included
The top thing to do is
Choose the option that is already finished.
And so you too.
Plan to take out a policy
If you are doing basic coverage
Choose this claim protector too.
This policy must be implemented.
It is in our hands to take it.
Hospitalization without paying any money from
I'll come back home later.
Optional coverage means room
What we call a modifier is basic.
It was mentioned where the coverage was mentioned.
All those who come to the hospital as IPs
But there they say they will cover the costs.
There was a problem with the room category.
We can choose single.
It was only up to a private AC room.
Single private AC room with basic coverage
We only have until
Okay, I can't choose a room anymore.
But we choose this room modifier
If we are doing this, we can
In a single private AC room
Let's go to my room.
It can be done, just like that.
To reduce the premium, we
This is for shared accommodation if desired.
The company is trying to reduce this
We are given options, so which one do we have?
All we need now is the basics.
Premium even if you only take coverage
If you want more, choose this.
You can reduce your premium by doing
But what you need to pay attention to is
Shared if we go to the hospital
No, you only have to choose accommodation.
We are a facility called Eni Room.
We chose and paid the additional premium.
If we are choosing, let's
You can choose any room, suite or room.
We don't have to pay for its room rent.
It won't be a problem in many major hospitals.
Room availability is a must when you arrive.
The important issue is then that we
Sometimes ICU for that many days
Let's claim again while we're sleeping.
The amount and the money we have in our hands.
A costly situation may arise.
Meanwhile, suddenly into the room
If that room changes, the availability will change.
It can change accordingly.
We can also enjoy the convenience
The patient also has his own comfort.
And I will get it, so I
Choosing a room is also a good option.
Please compare yours.
This amount was chosen within the budget.
If you say you will stay after
Of course, I chose the room.
Take it, another important add.
On is maternity not maternity
Not something everyone needs
Just choose those who need it.
So choose this maternity coverage.
When doing this, add an additional
Premium is coming, two years of waiting
There is a period of up to ₹100000 rupees.
We can claim it.
Similarly, there is newborn baby coverage.
Newborn baby coverage is also optional.
Let's add it as a benefit.
For those taking newborn baby coverage
How much is delivery covered in this?
Becoming like that or newborn
Baby will be covered from day one.
How much is our maternity coverage?
It comes in double or one lac.
We can fit up to two lacs inside this.
The child can also claim
Yes, but there is an additional premium for all that.
A maternity policy is coming.
I never did this in a way that
I don't recommend it to you because
What I saw inside was a negative.
Because we are without maternity
Much more than the premium when you take it out
More and more people are choosing maternity leave.
What is there when you take it, while it is in the market
Many other policies or
Better than this
Premium offered by Benefits
Low-cost plans now available
So, that's Day One for the kids too.
Claim without coverage sub limit
Policies that can be done are available.
Some of the policies I suggest in it
Yes, so does anyone?
Maternity and Newborn Baby Coverage Day
If anyone is interested in one...
Call me directly, let's deal with it.
We can discuss this in detail, but this
I am for those who plan their policy like that.
I don't suggest anything else.
The matter of vaccination of newborn babies
Vaccination is the same thing.
Related to maternity
It is inside.
One thing to note is this.
With maternity coverage in the policy
If picked up, only delivery is covered.
Doing post and pre
Hospitalization or
Other maternity related
No expenses are covered in this.
Delivery is the cover, as is the newborn.
This is what the baby says for up to 90 days.
Only 91 days left to get coverage for the lake.
Add that child to this policy from now on.
This policy only applies if
The benefit is only continued.
That's why I am like this.
This policy is suggested for maternity.
What is not done is a compassionate visit.
Another optional benefit is
This is what is called a compassionate visit.
The last thing I saw was a star.
Many things are in the health policy.
When we looked inside, I saw many
Things and many more at Star Health
Many things I have seen and experienced in policies
It has come to this, and some
There are also reasons why a star at a time
ICC to take over Health
Embark ready and move forward.
It came and now it's so active.
It means that the discussion is not taking place.
That's why it seems ICC is a scam.
Moving forward with a new policy
This is what has come.
We at Star Health cover all policies.
There are many benefits that have been seen and experienced.
It's the same with "star".
What was in the health policies?
These policies are designed to fill gaps.
It is also a sign that something has come.
Compassion is a positive thing.
We have seen the visit inside.
If you say that there is, then one person has
Illness or an accident
I have been admitted somewhere.
If so, a close friend of his
Relative to him
Air transportation available
Our flight is charged.
Ticket charges and all the company matters
Will provide a limit for that.
20,000 each has been set aside for each year.
The maximum we can get from this is 20,000 per year.
Ticket charge becomes flight charge
We can take it now.
Another is nursing at home.
This is what is called nursing at home.
It is a very useful thing to say.
I would especially like to say that it is a benefit.
Above 40 or 50 years old
If you are one of those who have, this is the add.
I'd better do it first.
Said domiciliary hospitalization
It says it's active now.
It's coming and going.
We will have another condition, something.
We have become a major disease.
He was hospitalized.
We will discharge you after the treatment is over.
Even if you are discharged and come home
Sometimes we have to get up and walk.
The bed may not be in a comfortable position.
The return will be for a few days.
If things are major
A nurse in this situation
They will always come and give us medicine.
Doing injections and such
There will be a situation where we have to do this.
This policy will incur significant costs.
If you want, we can cover that too.
There is an option to do it but
For that we can get up to ₹2000 per day.
Be able to claim the maximum
So we have a policy for 10 days.
We can claim this year.
If you can do that, it will be around ₹20000.
We have a claim of about Rs. 1000 per year.
Let's do a little premium extra.
Once closed, we can add it to this.
So you can add this
Above an age group
If there are people who are there, now is a
Things like stroke
Sometimes we get bedridden when we come.
It's just like that sometimes.
Come home after being discharged, physio.
Therapy is continuous.
A situation that requires it.
There may be such cases
This kind of nursing care is for us.
If you want it as an additional
If that happens, that expense
Let's cover it inside.
It's possible, but it's another thing to be durable.
Medical Equipment Cover We
As mentioned earlier, non-medical
About expense coverage
I told you, this non-medical
A few things that are not included in the expense
There are things like durable equipment.
We will say that we are big now.
If accidents happen...
Let's stick to this word for a while longer.
Or use a stretcher.
The situation will come to pass, just like that.
Major equipments available
We will have to use
This kind of thing for a while
Equipments we can use
For purchase or
We can get its user fee
Sometimes we have to rent.
Something like that will come in a good amount.
If necessary, cover it.
There is an option to do this.
Durable medical equipment
Coverage is another optional benefit.
When we say convalescence benefit, we mean
Don't we call it hospital cash?
Admitted to the hospital for a few days
We don't have any jobs when we get admitted.
A place that provides our income without leaving
If a situation arises, that one comes to us.
An amount to cover the loss
The company will give it to us at the hospital.
This policy usually says cash.
We can add it.
If we want to get it, we need more than 10 days.
Must be admitted to hospital
If that's the case, we have 20,000.
Rupees per year is our maximum.
You can claim this by:
I find it very useful in benefit.
It doesn't count as that.
So how much is it?
If only those who are interested could add it
Enough because if we want a hospital
Just like cash now
This is the policy available in the market.
Policies with benefits are cheaper.
It is available in premium, so
Inside it, add it and choose
I won't say you have to do it, just like another person.
Health checkup is an add-on benefit.
This also came as an add-on.
I am very happy. What is the reason?
If you put it that way, DDRC and Metro etc.
Packages that people like
It gives a lot more than this.
After paying a minimum amount
There is a situation where you get
So I don't suggest it.
Now choose only those who want it.
Do another most important thing
Benefit I am positive inside this
I felt positive about this policy.
It's something that seems to be
What is Network Advantage?
Another offer offered by Embat at ICICI
Which policy is the benefit for us?
They give to the people who take.
A so-called Anywhere Cash
If it says there is a benefit, then
No additional premium required.
Everything we take for granted
They also provide policies which
Let's go to the hospital too.
It can be cashless.
All we have to do is this.
A planned admission
If yes, then admit there.
Two days before the company
Notify non-network hospital
If so, then their
A hospital that is not part of the network
If it's an emergency, we don't care.
Can't do it because I went there.
Only then will we be able to see that one condition.
That's how you go to the emergency room, isn't it?
So there's an emergency?
If we are, we maximize our
In the company's network
The reason for going to the hospitals
Emergencies are never small.
Major won't go to hospital
Almost all hospitals
It's on the network, so...
Naturally, even on the network
Just go, now without this, inside this.
We have premium as an option.
Another option to reduce
If it says it's inside, it's opt.
This is an option for those who do.
10% premium for those who do
You will get a discount then.
What is the benefit?
Preferred in network hospital
Only in network hospitals
To be admitted and claim
Hospitalization is also possible.
Any other than
If you are admitted to the hospital
If they say there will be a 20% co-payment
We have a 10% discount on premium.
If we choose this, then we will get
What to note about the company
On the preferred network
We only admit patients in hospitals.
In hospitals that are not allowed to take
If you have to go somewhere, 20% off.
Payment will come, this is premium.
For those who want to reduce
A good option to opt for.
Is better than room modification?
This is an option that has been
I have to say because I am privileged.
Most of the network hospitals
Important places
All the hospitals are coming.
So that it may be useful.
It is possible that another
In other words, it is personal accident coverage.
Similarly, critical illness coverage
It's all added in here.
It's coming, but I suggest
Better yet, you're a term away.
Taking out insurance is personal.
Than taking accident coverage
It is better to take a term insurance.
This accident is also covered in insurance.
Critical care and everything.
It would be a better choice to do so.
And in these coming times,
Critical illness over the years
It's our regular thing to say.
Everyone is getting the flu.
The possibility of coming to the way it is
Because I have a critical illness
Take a good policy too.
It's good to put it there, I suggest that too.
It is a policy of ICIC to do so.
A policy called Critical Shield
Critical illness now
In an existing situation, the most
To say it's the best choice
If possible, then for those who want it too, a
Critical care policy is also additional.
It's good to take this as it is.
All of that should be added to the policy.
I won't say that because inside
Many conditions and limited as well.
Only pre-existing illnesses are covered.
Just because it's like that
Better Choice has become independent.
It would be nice to take one.
And another benefit is B Fit.
This is a benefit that says "B Fit".
A benefit that says
Specially, we have OPD claims.
A company-provided job to do
Opportunity is in many upcoming policies
By 2025 or so,
Many new policies and many companies
I will introduce OP inside.
It is very likely that coverage will come with it.
If you say OP coverage is high,
The company itself will sponsor it.
If you say so, we have an OP.
Once a need for consultation arises
We just need to inform the company.
With any hospitals?
Or with doctors?
They must have attached it there.
We have a doctor and a nurse from
Come home and see what we have.
Medicines and other things are needed.
A situation that is leaving you hanging.
Maybe it's recent now.
Star Health is one of their pilots.
In Thiruvananthapuram as a program
Start such a system
I recently received a message saying "I did it."
I was able to find out the same thing at ICIC.
Everywhere is currently in the metro.
They are the only ones available.
It was made very recently.
Sometimes I watch this video.
Within one, two, three months
They are doing this everywhere in Kerala.
A product that says Benefit Be Fit
It is likely to bring benefits.
That is actually an OPD benefit.
Things like physiotherapy
Diagnostics Pharmacy Including
We can do everything inside.
But that's through their mobile app.
Only you can use it.
Because it's all cashless.
So they operate
We can do such OP through mobile app.
All consultations are booked.
If you can do it, then it's for today.
Whether it is convenient in the situation
If you ask me, now a pilot program
That's why it comes like that.
It has some drawbacks of its own.
It is a reality that is within it.
So you're the next renewal.
If you can add it,
It would be a good choice then.
When taking out a policy now in the first year
I'll add it and take it.
Recommended as a plus point
I won't do it, I'll have to try it again.
For those interested, it was done.
Let's see then teleconsultation audio
Even if it's a video, we can
We also offer unlimited time teleconsultation.
You can opt out if you want.
So for all kinds of diseases
We can do teleconsultation if needed.
You can take it and then another one.
One positive in this important policy
We used to say side
Told about maternity coverage
Now maternity coverage is for two years.
They said there was a waiting period.
We can have that waiting period if we want.
It can be reduced to one year.
But you have to pay an additional premium for it.
Maternity coverage is included in this policy.
I'm not suggesting it because it's not suggested.
Not giving much importance
Okay, then it's voluntary co-payment.
When we say voluntary co-payment
We need to reduce the premium.
Let's choose co-payment.
Anyway, we have to claim every year.
There is no chance of any further claim.
Even if it's at such a time
We sometimes get this higher premium.
This is the case in the following cases
If you do, you will be aged.
For all those who have
This is a good option if you do.
Likewise, we are now NR Ice.
If it's true, get out now.
There are now one in five countries
To come home to Kollam
It's unlikely that there is such a thing.
People with this condition are covered by this policy.
If you choose to take co-payment
It is good to do so because then they
And you will get that continuity.
The waiting period can also be over.
Similarly, the premium has increased.
They don't have to walk in their hands.
This is the time when they are settling down in the country.
Just skip the payment and it's done.
There's an emergency in between.
If this co-payment is coming,
We only need to pay the amount due.
We can close and seek treatment if we need it.
So, from 10% to 50%
Payment options are included here.
If you really mean it, health insurance
Someone insists on us saying
We have done it and forced it.
We are not a subject to be taken for consultation.
It is a matter that needs to be done and taken care of.
I think so.
You told your family about this.
Let's all sit down and think.
Discuss yours as one.
Ask any concerns or queries.
Then make a proper plan.
You should choose it right away, it's health.
What financial services are there besides insurance?
Even though it is a product, you
Of deciding alone
Involve the family beyond
After that, through a discussion
A positive thing will be done.
The same is true for one's personal life.
Nothing like this after getting out of the flu.
Do not do it exactly.
Facts and Figures
Once you understand, you can
A place that satisfies the mind
Choose it on point, good civil.
What do you get if you have a score?
Any loan can be obtained from any bank.
But from now on, a good civil score
If yes, discount on health insurance
I will get it.
ICI Lombard's Elevate
That ICICI Lombard included in the plan
Good civil score on policies 750%
The highest civil score is
If so, we can get up to 15%
You will get a discount on the premium.
Then you will get it every year for renewal.
You have a high sum insured.
I tried everything to get it.
Thinking that the premium is high,
A good civil servant is a must, don't give up.
If you have a score, you get a 15% premium.
will decrease then we will have other
Just like making plans
You can also take this policy at a low premium.
Can only ICICI Lombard
It's a positive thing for me.
This policy is also something I like.
I have a record to record.
This is also the main reason why I
The renewal premium was mentioned earlier.
Two and a half percent if paid
You will get a discount, it's just as good.
If you have a civil score, it's still seven and a half percent.
15% is divided into two categories:
So that's when we take out the policy.
We also need our mobile number.
If you give us your name, we'll check it.
Can I get another PAN card to do this?
Or any other document
I don't want to give it, so I'll leave it.
That's because they checked.
We know that near ICCI Bank
Its sophisticated
There is a system, so there is also
ICICI is also supporting
Lombard has this one more facility for people
You plan to take out a policy that provides
If you are doing it
Of course, I need this too.
Told your agent specifically
Take the policy yourself.
If you call, we will give
In all ICCL Embard policies
We also add this civil score.
It is a very good thing to give after doing.
Now it's an option with benefits.
What other discounts are there in this policy?
Let's see what we can get.
I said wellness discount first.
Up to 30% wellness discount
Yes, I get it, and then I get early renewal.
We said 25% discount, nothing like this.
Also, long-term tenor discount
There are all these other companies
We are giving discounts.
It is commonly found in the market, but
If you ask what is the difference in this?
What we generally see is the second year.
Get 75% discount on premium
Some companies offer 15% discount on third year premium
Some are offering discounts up to
Companies only pay 10% but
Here we have up to 10% discount
Get 10% off second year premium
In the second year premium and in the third year
If you say you get 15%, then one of these
If we look at the average, the three-year
Totaling it all together and getting an average
If we look at it, we have an average of 8.
Up to 10% premium for us
The benefit of this is that you will get a discount.
What is it now that we are three?
I don't plan to take out an annual policy.
We only have one year's worth of funds.
Even if we have three years
We take the plan and within it we pay EMI.
So, what are the benefits of paying EMI?
What if we have 12 months?
EMI period of up to 18 months
We will get it within this period.
Just pay it off in monthly EMIs.
So this is a monthly EMI.
When closing, it is natural, but a
Additional interest is also possible.
So we have the total of this one premium.
The premium for three years is a 25% discount.
Sometimes we have to pay first.
After that we can pay it as EMI.
Let's go, then we'll be together for three years.
When we take this, we get
We are interested in discounts there.
It's just going to be okay, so no cost.
We have three years of EMI.
Can I take out a policy then?
Once you have paid the EMI for the year
Let's be tension-free again.
Let's just sit here and start with the first year.
Second after paying the total EMI
What do we need for the first and third year?
No need to worry about renewal.
Then we renew in the fourth year.
Just do it, renew for the fourth year.
When we do this, as we said, 30%
Discounts and other discount items
We wonder if we will get it all.
There will be tension, but that's all there is to it.
Together we will reach the future.
The renewal is for a period of three years.
If we take it, we
You can claim there, so these three years
If you take three years,
It's a great benefit for us.
We will make it for the next three years.
Similarly, three years for renewal
When we take it, we
You can choose the same EMI if you want.
So let's get this wellness benefit 30%.
If yes, we can claim 25%
You can claim it all.
Only the balance amount is taken.
We have to pay this as EMI too.
That's a positive side.
Your health exactly.
How to reduce insurance premiums
Plans like "Let's do it"
If you are thinking about
Definitely contact me.
What is your health insurance?
Related concerns
We are perfect for problems.
I will give you a solution then.
We are looking at your needs.
We have done a need analysis and
We suggest a policy for you.
Why the suggested policy?
That will be useful to you.
After telling you exactly
That policy will only give that.
After you hear and are convinced
Let's just proceed forward.
Enough with this policy.
Intended to be taken
Even if it's a person, I'm close to that person.
About the conditions and the person's affairs.
They will ask about their needs and everything.
In their future, their
What are their expectations?
What is the budget for all this?
Maybe everything will be later.
Sometimes this policy comes into play when talking
It may not be what you are suggesting.
Maybe this policy itself
So call me.
Talk to me or
Talk to my staff.
Exactly an idea about that.
Only after making it earlier
Now choose a policy as mentioned.
To the most important thing
Let's go through all this in this policy.
We said benefit, who is in this?
What can I join?
Also called the condition for doing
Let's see the entry age in this policy.
As an individual, we can
You must be 18 years old to join this.
This is a must-have for any reason.
For many, health is a legal contract.
A little-known fact about insurance
All our health insurance
Policies are also a legal contract.
You can go to the Supreme Court if you want.
Can be taken and filed
It is a valid document.
Your policy document is therefore
You have a health insurance policy.
If you take it, never use the card.
Yours is not a legal document.
The policy document itself is given to the agent.
Ask and buy, that's legal.
A document card is a
It's easy for you to get it as a complimentary
Something to give for Four Use
Only then you will never find it.
As a proof of yours
Policy is not something to be carried around.
Ask for the document itself and buy it.
Do you have it printed or
Please keep it as a soft copy.
So since this is a legal contract
He has been a major for 18 years.
Only the perfect can do this.
In the form of an individual policy?
Or a proposer
How to access this policy
Can I take it now?
Is there a limit or not? 125 years old
Even if you are an individual, you are fresh in this policy.
Join this policy as a new member.
Even if you are 125 years old, no problem.
No problem even if you are 100 years old, 80 or 90.
100, the premium will be accordingly.
There is only one, okay, age is higher.
I wish the premium was much lower.
Our age will not last.
What will happen to our
Your health will be bad, so
What will happen? The risk will be higher.
So because the risk is higher
What will happen to the insurance premium?
There will be more risk aversion.
This is how the premium for insurance comes in.
So it's natural.
As the risk increases, the premium also increases.
So I usually get older.
It is said by everyone.
10% of your annual income
You can get up to 100% premium
It's okay to take it and set it aside.
If more come, we can
Not manageable but aged
If people are 25% because of their
The cost of them becoming majors
What are the health-related costs then?
Such health-related
25%, 20%, etc. for expenses.
It's okay to postpone it, but
All of this requires proper planning.
We are the reason for the pension.
Will be the main income
So from that income, all this
When we say "set aside," we mean
Calculated correctly.
Budget and do it yourself.
That will be useful to us now.
I have some insured options inside.
Earlier it was said that from ₹5 lakh
There are up to three unlimited options.
We can choose sums up to crores.
You can do it and go above it.
Unlimited plan for those who want it
Some people would be better off choosing
I am called a luxembourg.
A large amount of property sometimes
People who got everything after selling
We have 10 for five years.
This policy is valid for a year.
Can I take it?
I ask, so that's the plan.
Health insurance for those who do
Better to take one than to take it all together.
There are some good annuity plans.
Once we put it in, we have a year.
We can get an amount here.
So, what do you get by putting this amount in?
How much does health insurance cost us?
Choose in a way that comes as a premium.
Doing so is also a good intellectual
The decision is one of the things in this policy.
This policy is an important thing.
Not that when you take any policy
A thing that often comes to us
This policy is an important concern.
How many people can we include?
In the family floater policy taken out
Who can be included now?
What is the advantage of ICICI Embard?
There is a plan that says, "We have it in us."
Up to seven people in a family
If you can include it, then husband and wife
Three children and parents
To include it in it as well
Yes, but we have to have a husband in this policy.
Wife has a maximum of three children.
Can include a fourth child
If there is, then with the husband.
Two children with wife
Did you split up as a child?
We can take out a policy.
Parents who are similarly aged
Let's include this in our policy.
They can't be separated.
Even if you have to take it, it will come and then this
A positive in policy
The matter is about to come.
Many other companies have plans
We used to have plans
Dependent child up to 25 years of age
It was coming soon.
All plans are up to 30 years old.
Added to Elevate and 30 years old
This has been added up to
The policy also has that benefit.
That is also a positive thing.
Now, one important thing is that all
The most important thing I say in politics is
The subject is also the most important part of this video.
This is the most important part of this policy.
How long does it take to get a claim?
Waiting period
ICICI Bank's Elevate
The initial waiting period in this policy is
The period is 30 days for all plans.
30 days is what you need to be healthy.
Even if you take out an insurance policy, the initial
There is a waiting period of 30 days in this case.
This waiting period for an accident
Not applicable, except for accidents.
If illnesses are coming, this
Waiting period applies then
There is a PD waiting period.
That means we have a policy.
Any illnesses before taking it
Illnesses or surgeries
What happened to us in all the accidents?
Calculate pre-existing disease
It is calculated as such
We have a pre-existing disease.
If it exists, we will select it as optional.
Jam had mentioned one coverage.
Saying start is choosing.
If not, 36 months
There will be a waiting period of three
If we say year, we take out a policy
Continuously renewed
Since the 37th month of being gone
In other words, the fourth renewal premium
We can only claim after payment.
It's been three years since I was able to do it.
For paying the fourth renewal premium
You can claim it later.
Specificity of specific illness
We are the waiting period for the disease.
Something that is said in every video
That's right, it covers 14 specific diseases.
All of this is listed.
Both are the same in the company.
The waiting period is a year.
Arthritis in piles fistula
Sinusitis is the same as varicose veins.
Hernia Uterus Removal Postpartum
Surgery ENT disorders are the same in the body
There are 14 types of cysts that occur.
We have listed our
Taking a policy from afar
There's a list for everyone.
It is sent the same way.
You too, in detail.
If you want to know, call us.
Plan to take out a policy
You can call us even if you are doing it.
And we said this earlier.
Bariatric surgery cover in the policy
Bariatric surgery is also performed.
What's this 24-month wait?
I have a period, what is it and why?
If you ask me, I've only planned this.
Don't just take this policy when someone comes along.
That's why we
It means that it will happen in the future.
We are here to cover the losses.
We are already ready to take out a policy.
We can lose something we know.
It can be considered an expense.
It can only be calculated as
It's not a big problem now, but
Without bariatric surgery in the future
A feeling that you can't move forward.
If the situation arises, this policy
Two years of taking a policy
After that, we can claim on the 25th of the month.
If you say you can do it, third year
Annual renewal premium paid
What should we do immediately after?
You can claim this.
That's a problem I've seen in the policy.
As a negative of this policy
I am saying this is the major
The same goes for critical illness.
Hypertension Cardiac conditions
It's for things like diabetics.
What happens to us without PED?
When there is currently no problem
We took out a policy but the policy
We are on the 36th day after taking
That is, after 30 days, six
Another day has passed, the 36th day.
We have a cardiac arrest.
If you come and get admitted, it will be covered under this policy.
No, because after 90 days
Only cardiac related diseases
Diabetic related disease or
Hypertension related
Disease can be claimed in this 91
You can claim it from this day onwards.
That is a negative of the policy.
When you take out a policy, you also
Understand this policy
You have a second month to say this.
If any claim comes, it will not be received.
Even if it is pre-existing or not
No more pre-existing
If so, you're in for a jump start.
30 days if selected
You'll get it when it's over.
I am in the waiting period for maternity leave.
Maternity was told earlier
Because this is not the best choice.
I myself have given it great importance.
Not paying 24 for maternity leave
Waiting period within months
Yes, that's how much waiting is inside.
Periods, so I'm waiting again.
A brief about periods
Let's say the first 30 days.
Only then can all diseases be cured.
Accident waiting for you
No period PD waiting period pre
Existing disease
Waiting period for policies 36
Months or three years is the same disease.
There are 14 such diseases.
The waiting period for illnesses is two years.
The arrival of the period is just as critical.
90-day waiting period for illness
It is cardiac related.
Although hypertension is
Even though I am diabetic, everything is the same.
Whatever the critical illness
What will you do if you have a stroke?
Coverage is only available after 90 days.
Similarly, bariatric surgery
There is a waiting period for some insurance.
You can claim up to but
You can only claim after the year is over.
Waiting period for maternity leave
There is an ear, it is up to one lakh claim.
About the policy of "Do it or Not"
An overall understanding
We must have gotten it in the meantime.
As soon as that policy is mentioned,
What is negative and what is positive?
We said exactly that.
So this video has arrived so far.
What we see and say
Listen carefully and do everything
Thank you very much to everyone.
You are recording the same thing.
This policy is not from this policy which
Even if you take the company's policy
At the present time, that company
Download and use the mobile app as well.
Do it and get lots of additional benefits.
Most companies offer it within
ICC is doing the same.
The person taking the Mpad Elevate
IL Take Care of ICS Elambat
Their mobile app also says
Download and use it then.
See you with another video.
Heartfelt thanks to everyone.